At this first level, the idea is to contextualize in a macro way how Ritchie CLI and operating systems shells interact with Docker, SDKs/runtimes, and remote Git repositories. 

We focused on communications and dependencies among systems and users that interact with the software. 
See the level components below: 
 
### **SW Development Person/QA/Power User or Manager of Corporate Infrastructure/Part of the corporate environment** 
- Anyone who wants to run and/or share arbitrary code for automation or other purposes on their personal and/or corporate machine.

### **Ritchie CLI**
Ritchie CLI is a command line interface, an execution engine, and code sharing that:
- Makes it easier to receive input from operating system shells. 
- Provides globally customized shell commands, regardless of which directory the user's shell is open. 
- Makes it easier to build and execute arbitrary code (commonly used for automation) in a native environment or containers.
- Makes it easier to export/import arbitrary code.

### **Docker** 
- Provides virtualized and pre-configured environments with shells/SDKs/runtimes.

### **Windows/MacOS/Linux Shells** 
Shells provide:
- The interaction interface between the user and the Ritchie CLI.
- The intermediation of communication with Docker/SDKs/runtimes.
- The arbitrary code execution written in shell languages. 

### **Remote code repositories (GitHub, Gitlab ou Bitbucket)** 
- Provide arbitrary code storage you want to run/share through Ritchie CLI.